Make existing flag required for instantiateRuntime (#12434)
microsoft/FluidFramework: BREAKING.md

## 2.0.0-internal.3.0.0 Upcoming changes

## 2.0.0-internal.3.0.0 Breaking changes

> - [Make existing flag required](#make-existing-flag-required)

Reviewer: As a general note, this title should be specific and call out the interface and method where this is changed.

This title is very generic. It should say something like "existing parameter is now required in IRuntimeFactory::intantiateRuntime".

- [Remove iframe-driver](#remove-iframe-driver)

### Make existing flag required

> The `existing` flag has been updated to be expected and required in the `instantiateRuntime` method. The vast

Reviewer: You need to specify the interface where this is happening. The public interface is what users care about, not the class implementation.

majority of clients can rely on the `existing` flag being there as it was introduced in client version 0.44. However, it's

> best practice to asser that 'existing' is not undefined and to use the value passed in.

Reviewer: This description is very vague and does not tell anything interesting. It should either say that this flag was added as optional in version x and is now made required. Or, it should explain what existing flag is and how it's supposed to be used.

## 2.0.0-internal.3.0.0 Upcoming changes

## 2.0.0-internal.3.0.0 Breaking changes
- [Existing flag is now required in IRuntimeFactory](#existing-parameter-is-now-required-in-iruntimefactory)
- [Remove iframe-driver](#remove-iframe-driver)
- [Remove Deprecated Fields from ISummaryRuntimeOptions](#Remove-Deprecated-Fields-from-ISummaryRuntimeOptions)

### existing parameter is now required in IRuntimeFactory::instantiateRuntime
The `existing` flag was added as optional in client version 0.44 and has been updated to be expected

> and required in the `IRuntimeFactory` interface. This flag is used to determine whether the runtime should
> be created for the first time or from an existing context. As a result the `load` function in containerRuntime
> is being deprecated and replaced with `loadRuntime`, in which `existing is a required parameter.

Reviewer 2: Some editorial suggestions:
```suggestion
and required in the `IRuntimeFactory.instantiateRuntime` function. This flag is used to determine whether the runtime should
be created for the first time or from an existing context. Similarly, the `load` function in containerRuntime
is being deprecated and replaced with `loadRuntime`, in which `existing` is a required parameter.
```
